go/linguaevalia/README.md, before:

# Lingua evalia

A tiny web service that runs code for you. You open it, start writing code
immediately and then run it. What you don't do is worry about file names,
which command it was you had to use to run the code and so on.

Just write the code.

## Quickstart

* `go get github.com/heyLu/lp/go/linguaevalia`
* `$GOPATH/bin/linguaevalia`
* visit <http://localhost:8000> and start writing code (press `ctrl-enter`
    to run the code)

Essentially just need `go`, but to run code in other languages, you need
to have them installed as well.

## Languages

(In order of adding them.)

- `go`
- `python`
- `ruby`
- `javascript`
- `haskell`
- `rust`
- `julia`
- `pixie`
- `c`
- `bash`
- `lua`

Adding more is relatively simple: If there is a command that runs code in
a language given a file, just add [the appropriate line](./linguaevalia.go#L40-L47)
and a corresponding mapping to `languageMappings`.

If there isn't, you can either write a wrapper to do that (similar to the
[one for rust](./bin/run-rust)) or you can implement the `Language`
interface.

## Development setup

```
~ $ git clone git://github.com/heyLu/lp
~ $ cd lp/go/linguaevalia
~/lp/go/linguaevalia $ make               # download codemirror
~/lp/go/linguaevalia $ go run
```

Alternatively, replace `go run` with `qst linguaevalia.go`, to restart
the server automatically if `linguaevalia.go` changes.

## Contributions and feedback welcome!

Tell me what you do with it, when it helped you, what you're missing.

Have fun!

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

add a `help` command, document `run` in the readme

go/linguaevalia/README.md, after:

# Lingua evalia

A tiny web service that runs code for you. You open it, start writing code
immediately and then run it. What you don't do is worry about file names,
which command it was you had to use to run the code and so on.

Just write the code.

## Quickstart

* `go get github.com/heyLu/lp/go/linguaevalia`
* `$GOPATH/bin/linguaevalia`
* visit <http://localhost:8000> and start writing code (press `ctrl-enter`
    to run the code)

Essentially just need `go`, but to run code in other languages, you need
to have them installed as well.

## Languages

(In order of adding them.)

- `go`
- `python`
- `ruby`
- `javascript`
- `haskell`
- `rust`
- `julia`
- `pixie`
- `c`
- `bash`
- `lua`

Adding more is relatively simple: If there is a command that runs code in
a language given a file, just add [the appropriate line](./linguaevalia.go#L40-L47)
and a corresponding mapping to `languageMappings`.

If there isn't, you can either write a wrapper to do that (similar to the
[one for rust](./bin/run-rust)) or you can implement the `Language`
interface.

## Additional commands

`linguaevalia` can also be used to run programs directly, instead of using the
server:

```
$ linguaevalia run hello-world.rb
Hello, World!
# or alternatively:
$ cat hello-world.rb | linguaevalia run -l ruby
Hello, World!
```

When passing code to the `run` command via stdin, you *must* set the language
to be used using the `-l` flag as well. If a file name is passed, the type is
inferred from the extension, but you can override it with `-l` if you want.

## Development setup

```
~ $ git clone git://github.com/heyLu/lp
~ $ cd lp/go/linguaevalia
~/lp/go/linguaevalia $ make               # download codemirror
~/lp/go/linguaevalia $ go run
```

Alternatively, replace `go run` with `qst linguaevalia.go`, to restart
the server automatically if `linguaevalia.go` changes.

## Contributions and feedback welcome!

Tell me what you do with it, when it helped you, what you're missing.

Have fun!

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE)
